===== 3dbe0ad6-544e-4d11-9360-37c7a968caa2
I'm just going to expound some thoughts about agent shell. I don't want to be able to do really quickly. One is just like spin up a goal or a task or whatever super quickly. I don't need to go through the brain. I can just choose the area. Great one, choose the harness, let it rip. And when it's done, maybe it can send the message to the brain. Second, I don't think we need the concept of handover and send anymore. Like, we can all just make it send. It's all just agent communication. That's a cool one. Oh, yeah. I want to be able to very cleanly and easily define, I don't know, I'm calling them processes. where they basically like repeatable bits of my work that I want to happen at regular times or at trigger conditions that will usually involve creating a goal or something I really want to be able to easily define those for an area. And it could be the case that, actually, sorry, I don't need to define them manually in a UI anywhere. I'm happy to have an agent do it for me. But I need to be able to read them and very clearly see what sort of processes I have, when they trigger, what their trigger positions are, etc. Another thing I would love to kind of build out and work on this whole area of figuring out how each of these harnesses work like claw code codex anti pi harness things like this There a ream of information in there like for example you can probably get claw, it's like, so you can probably get agents, current context from tokens. that's not super useful but it would be useful to be able to see each individual goals agents token context so you can make sure I'm not going to go over or below the budget but sorry more importantly though I wouldn't be able to resume conversations that would be really cool if you could tie the conversation IDs and maybe just the command to resume the conversation because I know that each of these harnesses has one. The command to resume the conversation gets put onto like the goal note or something so that I can always just resume a conversation from that that would be super useful and cool and nice Yeah, I think the general principle is that things that I'm not going to be changing all the time, I'm happy to have as like read-only views and I can just ask a brain to change I'm going to go.
===== 465032e4-db52-42ad-a17f-ee585038f5a5
Oh, that's right. That's another really important thing that I want for the agent honesters and stuff is the Claude skills. Like, I would rather organize my personal agent skills and like knowledge repository for how to do things by area in tangent rather than repository for the most part because yeah it's so that's what I'm about learning how these harnesses work and things like that or just thinking of really simple solutions for example telling the brain about the existence of these skills and make sure the brain knows that it should tell the workers about the existence of these skills but um I think it would make a lot of sense to define common knowledge about how to work in that area within that area of tangent. So, for example, when I'm working at work and I want to get commits ready for review, there's usually some standard mundane things that I need to do. I need to, like, yeah, there's some various skills, which are, like, the repeatable things that I need to do. and you can often chain those skills together, which is exactly like a pipeline of agents And the only thing that really missing I guess is the first class concept at an area of kind of like a skill a repeatable piece of work that is explained to the agent in markdown file and we don't need any like first class concept for this I don't think I think if we take the .agents folder and we also create a .clawed folder and we're sim-linked the .clawed to the .agents within each area, then every brain will be aware of that because the brains should open in the tangent repository. And that's another thing that the workers should never really be spawned in the tangent repository. The worker should be spawned in the work repository. Yeah, so the brains will have access to the skill and will be able to forward it or reference it to the workers to say, hey, do this. Well, this is the skill. Yeah, well, yeah. Basically, that's another important thing that I think is missing. That again is kind of like a, well you can just encode that in documents in markdown files, that fits into our vault system perfectly.
===== 49903a81-5750-4c75-a262-e945f10f946f
I guess another thing that I want from my agent shell is to change the etymology or ontology of what a request to me is. So I think that should be more driven by me. I will say if I want to validate or verify a feature, and if so, we should have a clean, like, consistent user interface that's consistent with other notification systems out there. that kind of alerts me and respects the focus system as well.
